Roles API import to official API pages (#6417)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/api/roles/get_all_users.md

---
title: Get all users of a role
type: apicontent
order: 37.12
external_redirect: /api/#get-all-users
---

## Get all users of a role

Gets all users of a role.

##### ARGUMENTS

* **`page[size]`** [*optional*, *default*=**10**]:
Number of users to return for a given page.
* **`page[number]`** [*optional*, *default*=**0**]:
Specific page number to return.
* **`sort`** [*optional*, *default*=**name**]:

> Sort users depending on the given field. Sort order is **ascending** by default. Sort order is **descending** if the field is prefixed by a negative sign (Eg: *sort=-name*).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sort users depending on the given field. Sort order is **ascending** by default. Sort order is **descending** if the field is prefixed by a negative sign, for example: *sort=-name*.
```
